[mkdocs] Fully document channels.messaging.knative.dev (#3650)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/channels/subscriptions.md

# Subscriptions

After you have created a channel and a sink, you can create a subscription to enable event delivery.

The subscription consists of a Subscription object, which specifies the channel and the sink (also
known as the subscriber) to deliver events to. You can also specify some sink-specific options, such
as how to handle failures.

For more information about Subscription objects, see
[Subscription](https://knative.dev/docs/reference/api/eventing/#messaging.knative.dev/v1.Subscription).

## Creating a subscription

=== "kn"

>     Create a subscription between a channel and a sink:

Reviewer: ..."by entering the command:"

# Subscriptions

> After you have created a channel and a sink, you can create a subscription to enable event delivery.

Reviewer: Throughout, please make sure resource names are consistently formatted, e.g. Channel, Subscription

> The subscription consists of a Subscription object, which specifies the channel and the sink (also
> known as the subscriber) to deliver events to. You can also specify some sink-specific options, such
> as how to handle failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Subscription object specifies the Channel and the sink, also known as the subscriber, that events are delivered to. You can also specify some sink-specific options, such as how to handle delivery failures.
```

> For more information about Subscription objects, see
> [Subscription](https://knative.dev/docs/reference/api/eventing/#messaging.knative.dev/v1.Subscription).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about Subscription objects, see the [Subscription spec](https://knative.dev/docs/reference/api/eventing/#messaging.knative.dev/v1.Subscription).
```

## Creating a subscription

=== "kn"

>     Create a subscription between a channel and a sink by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Create a subscription between a channel and a sink by running the command:
```

        It uses the same naming conventions for specifying the sink as the `--sink` flag.
        - `--sink-dead-letter` is an optional argument you can use to specify where to send the cloud
        event in case of a failure. It uses the same naming conventions for specifying the sink as the
        `--sink` flag.

            - `ksvc`: A Knative service.
            - `svc`: A Kubernetes Service.
            - `channel`: A channel that should be used as destination. Only default channel types can be referenced here.
            - `broker`: An Eventing broker.
        - `--sink-reply` and `--sink-dead-letter` are optional arguments. They can be used to specify where the sink reply will be sent to, and where to send the cloud event in case of a failure, respectively. Both use the same naming conventions for specifying the sink as the `--sink` flag.

    This example command creates a channel named `mysubscription` that routes events from a channel
    named `mychannel` to a Knative service named `myservice`.

    !!! note
        The sink prefix is optional. You can also specify the service for `--sink` as just

>         `--sink <service_name>` and omit the `ksvc` prefix.

Reviewer: a few of the variables on this page use `<something_underscore>` instead of `<something-dash>` - can you update these please

=== "YAML"

>     1. Create a Subscription object in a YAML file:

Reviewer: can you please update the YAML example to use the `kubectl apply -f -` command for consistency?

Reviewer 2: Yep, will do.

Reviewer: Reminder to update

    &nbsp;
    - `--sink-reply` and `--sink-dead-letter` are optional arguments. They can be used to specify where the sink reply will be sent to, and where to send the cloud event in case of a failure, respectively. Both use the same naming conventions for specifying the sink as the `--sink` flag.

This example command creates a channel named `mysubscription` that routes events from a channel
named `mychannel` to a Knative service named `myservice`.

**NOTE:** The sink prefix is optional. You can also specify the service for `--sink` as just

> `--sink <service_name>` and omit the `ksvc` prefix.

Reviewer: formatting for mkdocs?

Reviewer: also `<service-name>` - watch formatting for the variables and make sure they're consistent throughout

You can delete a subscription by using the `kn` or `kubectl` CLI tools.

=== "kn"
    ```
    kn subscription delete <subscription_name>
    ```

=== "kubectl"
    ```
    kubectl subscription delete <subscription_name>
    ```

## Next steps

> - [Creating a channel using cluster or namespace defaults](./create-default-channel)

Reviewer: link broken in preview

You can delete a subscription by using the `kn` or `kubectl` CLI tools.

=== "kn"
    ```
    kn subscription delete <subscription_name>
    ```

=== "kubectl"
    ```
    kubectl subscription delete <subscription_name>
    ```

> <!-- Insert ## Next steps with a link to a new topic on creating channel implementations. -->

Reviewer: this topic already exists above it looks like so could be linked now?
